which adventurers
you already know that having a laptop is super important to be able to work
but beware that not all laptops are equal, of course, neither are they
all jobs
what is most sought in an orderly is
light
payment that is resistant
today we go on to teach one that is the best we have recorded
in one of those senses
in panasonic toughbook
the ligerito credits
It is not
heavy 3koma 8 kilos
but tough exp a good time and as then we are as we are wanted
test it thoroughly and we've got enough cane
we will defend innovative drainage system
from the month of January
the plaintiff
defeat us constantly what makes it possible to work
it is also bigger
while they only insure
and one of the causes that more damage produces laptops are the falls
This fungus is protected with
rubber corners
He is resistant to falls at least to the made arno sale
centimeters
yes, what I do not think they can guarantee is that there is something left of this
portable in a fall of 1 a few meters
most likely after a fall
someone kick him
when next on
this laptop resists thanks to its lateral
the weight that he has left is to put
ain
directed yes
vicky
herself
scissors
the good thing not only endures the mystery wadding, that's why we came to the town
check if it's true that it works 20 degrees below zero
here next to dad's house
we see that it works
mora ball
and what happens if we combine water and sky, because that snow comes out
and of course this never holds the snow
How is it going
with this we found that it would be worse what I know that holds this laptop
their
this crisis
afp
its casing is true that dawned
no point
i is in charge of protecting the small screen the hard disk
which is also this kind and this one here
has rubber caps
Holy, the ones in charge
to protect all computer connections
and also has the closures
like this
the switch on and off that are like and sounds and resistant
without screen is a touch screen of pérez and eat three inches
account with wifi intur but you can also update how h is
details
gps
I'm going to distill with all this sure that we miss anything that we have
spoken figuration
but good we owed you that is common intelligent and adobo
that has car in taji to that hard drive
and is that a memory of a giga
has an autonomy of up to 7 hours in theory
it's a price is about 3500 and arms
nothing cheap but you have to take into account the characteristics of it
1 I think I'm going to use it almost almost better than the umbrella to protect myself from
the rain now that spring arrives
see you